# EduSelf

To access progress, go to "site" directory. Go to 'courseplans' for prospective classes in the curriculum. Click on specific course folder for content.

A public access curriculum database project! Inspired by Khan Academy, EduSelf runs as a collection of easily accessible, challenge-by-choice courses, meaning there is nothing assessed for a grade. Courses range from mathematics to English; philosophy to neuroscience; music to the Japanese language. 

Eventually I'd like to compile EduSelf as database of these courses, their syllabi, schedules, and sample course material from around the world.  

Until I become more proficient with databases and data structures, I am compiling my own EduSelf course sites with my own content. I am also compiling lists of courses from catalogs around the USA. 

## Content    

Courses have weekly themes and daily topics. Content includes [1] learning objectives for what you will learn, [2] vocabulary vital to understanding, [3] YouTube videos and hyperlinks, and [4] summaries of daily learning objectives. Projects are introduced in the beginning of the week and reinforced throughout it. 

Assignments are for practicing skills and applying understanding of concepts. Assignments might include journals, Google/ChatGPT investigations, and essays. (As I get better with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, databases, etc., I hope to include assignments that can be automatically graded...!) Enjoy the courses and their content as you wish at your own pace! 

(Note on content: learning objectives, vocabulary lists, and summaries have been generated by ChatGPT. Photos generated by DALL-E)
(I embedded the videos and links. I designed the projects, assignments, and activities.) 

My goal is to create engaging classes! Hopefully some you want to take - that you've never heard of before! Explore classes you loved taking, those you never took, and a wide range of courses for students in the 21st century. Here are the courses I plan to work on first:
1. (current) ENGL 100 - "Workplace Writing and Communications", 12 weeks.
2. (next) MATH 121 - "Applied Calculus I", 12 weeks
3. (soon) HIST 165 - "Black American History", 12 weeks
